Relabeler extension (#1)
mt-support/tribe-ext-relabeler: readme.txt

Easily limit the visible time range in week view.

== Description ==

Activating this extension will give you the possibility to change the labels for Events, Organizers, and Venues.
It will add the options to WP Admin > Events > Display for altering labels.

== Installation ==

Install and activate like any other plugin!

* You can upload the plugin zip file via the *Plugins ‣ Add New* screen
* You can unzip the plugin and then upload to your plugin directory (typically _wp-content/plugins)_ via FTP
* Once it has been installed or uploaded, simply visit the main plugin list and activate it

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= Where can I find more extensions? =

Please visit our [extension library](https://theeventscalendar.com/extensions/) to learn about our complete range of extensions for The Events Calendar and its associated plugins.

= What if I experience problems? =

We're always interested in your feedback and our [premium forums](https://theeventscalendar.com/support-forums/) are the best place to flag any issues. Do note, however, that the degree of support we provide for extensions like this one tends to be very limited.

== Changelog ==

= 1.1.0 TBD =

> * Reworked the extension based on the new template for better compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Rework the extension based on the new template for better compatibility.
```

=== The Events Calendar Extension: Relabeler ===
Contributors: ModernTribe
Donate link: http://m.tri.be/29
Tags: events, calendar
Requires at least: 4.9
Tested up to: 5.3.2
Requires PHP: 5.6
Stable tag: 1.0.2
License: GPL version 3 or any later version
License URI: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html

Easily limit the visible time range in week view.

== Description ==

Activating this extension will give you the possibility to change the labels for Events, Organizers, and Venues.
It will add the options to WP Admin > Events > Display for altering labels.

> 

Reviewer: delete extra line

== Installation ==

Install and activate like any other plugin!

* You can upload the plugin zip file via the *Plugins ‣ Add New* screen
* You can unzip the plugin and then upload to your plugin directory (typically _wp-content/plugins)_ via FTP
* Once it has been installed or uploaded, simply visit the main plugin list and activate it

== Frequently Asked Questions ==

= Where can I find more extensions? =

Please visit our [extension library](https://theeventscalendar.com/extensions/) to learn about our complete range of extensions for The Events Calendar and its associated plugins.

= What if I experience problems? =

We're always interested in your feedback and our [premium forums](https://theeventscalendar.com/support-forums/) are the best place to flag any issues. Do note, however, that the degree of support we provide for extensions like this one tends to be very limited.

== Changelog ==

= 1.0.2 2020-02-14 =

> * Fixed class check for Settings_Helper in order to make it work next to other extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix - Add check for `Settings_Helper` class already loaded in order to not conflict with other extensions.
```

> = 1.0.1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= 1.0.1 =
```
